Installation and basic usage notes.

Before installing My Handy Restaurant, you should have a working installation of:
a Web server (Apache is the only tested, but other should work, too);
PHP server-side scripting language interpreter (http://www.php.net)
MySQL database server (http://www.mysql.com)

If you don't meet these requirements, please don't go on, because My Handy Restaurant is heavily dependant on those programs.

There is an installation script that will build for you the db environment necessary to run the software.
To use it go to My_Handy_Restaurant_dir/install.php, and click on "Write basic configuration file".

Backup your data if you have any, and click on Yes.
A complete common database will be created and filled with data.

Now you should configure the system, by clicking on "Configure (or Reconfigure) the system" in the installation page.
The most important thing is to immediately correct the "Debugging log file" and the "Errors log file" settings.

After having set all the configuration options you want (and having sent them with the Submit button!), click on system->Accounting Databases.
Here you should add one or more accounting databases that will be automatically created. The first accounting database can be the same as the main (non-accounting) one.

My Handy Restaurant should be now properly working, but it may be not really sized for your needs.

To configure it, explore carefully all the Menu options and add/remove/edit categories, dishes, ingredients, etc.

Remember to add the printers you need in the system->printers page.

If you want to access the dishes/ingredients/waiters/categories/tables databases and modify them,
you should go to the management pages (menu tab), that are useful for this purpose.
The order for creating an entirely new menu should be:
1. New categories
2. New ingredients
3. New dishes
any time. waiters
any time. tables

The management/accounting section is accessible via the manage/index.php page

You may have more info about installation on My Handy Restaurant site (http://www.myhandyrestaurant.org), or by asking on the web forum, which is accessible via the main site.

bye,
Fabio 'Kilyerd' De Pascale
